How to host phone numbers for messaging (#749)
Bandwidth/api-docs: site/docs/numbers/hostingNumbers.mdx

    </span>
  );

In this guide we will show you how to programmatically import Phone Numbers to your account for use with Bandwidth's Messaging Products.

:::info
Line Options feature management is **NOT** available for Phone numbers that have been imported for use with Hosted Messaging.
:::

## Check for Importability

[Check TNs portability API](../../../../apis/numbers#tag/accounts/operation/RetrieveOrder) endpoint validates whether or not Bandwidth

> can host the number for messaging.

Reviewer: I would change lines 41 and 42 to be the following since you already mention the Check TNs API endpoint below.  
```suggestion
In order to determine whether or not Bandwidth can host a number for messaging, you must first check if they can be imported.
```

:::info
Please note that a valid response from this endpoint does not ensure that the
messaging traffic will be routed to Bandwidth—there are many factors with the other carriers that could cause them
to withhold messaging ownership rights on a number.
:::

> To check TNs portability, make a <Highlight color="#079CEE">POST</Highlight> request to our [Check TNs portability API](../../../../apis/numbers/#tag/Import-Tn/operation/CreateRequestImportTnChecker) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if your numbers can be imported for hosted messaging, make a <Highlight color="#079CEE">POST</Highlight> request to our [Import TN Checker API](../../../../apis/numbers/#tag/Import-Tn/operation/CreateRequestImportTnChecker) endpoint.
```

</ImportTnCheckerResponse>
```

## Create Import TN Order

> After validating numbers which are able to be imported, you can create the order to import the phone numbers in to your Bandwidth account. To do that you must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After validating that your numbers are able to be imported, you can create the order to import the phone numbers into your Bandwidth account. To do that, you must
```

make a <Highlight color="#079CEE">POST</Highlight> request to our [Create Import TN Order API](../../../../apis/numbers/#tag/Import-Tn/operation/CreateImportTnOrder) endpoint.

> This can be done through tools like [Postman](https://github.com/Bandwidth/postman) or in the cURL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done through tools like [Postman](https://github.com/Bandwidth/postman) or cURL.
```

      <AccountId>9900012</AccountId>
      <CreatedByUser>{username}</CreatedByUser>
      <OrderId>b05de7e6-0cab-4c83-81bb-9379cba8efd0</OrderId>
      <LastModifiedDate>2018-01-20T02:59:54.000Z</LastModifiedDate>
      <SiteId>202</SiteId>
      <SipPeerId>520565</SipPeerId>
      <Subscriber>
         <Name>ABC Inc.</Name>
         <ServiceAddress>
            <HouseNumber>11235</HouseNumber>
            <StreetName>Back</StreetName>
            <City>Denver</City>
            <StateCode>CO</StateCode>
            <Zip>27541</Zip>
            <County>Canyon</County>
         </ServiceAddress>
      </Subscriber>
      <LoaAuthorizingPerson>markmacc</LoaAuthorizingPerson>
      <TelephoneNumbers>
         <TelephoneNumber>3032281000</TelephoneNumber>
         <TelephoneNumber>3032280004</TelephoneNumber>
      </TelephoneNumbers>
      <ProcessingStatus>PROCESSING</ProcessingStatus>
      <Errors />
   </ImportTnOrder>
</ImportTnOrderResponse>
```

## Fetch Order Status

Since the Import TN order is asynchronous, Bandwidth recommends configuring your account with a subscription instead of polling the order resource for `OrderStatus`.

> Order processing times can vary and are not guaranteed, so bandwidth does __not__ recommend setting a timeout on waiting for an order to show either `COMPLETE` or `FAILED` status, but instead relying on a webhook from an orders subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Order processing times can vary and are not guaranteed, so Bandwidth does __not__ recommend setting a timeout on waiting for an order to show either `COMPLETE` or `FAILED` status, but instead relying on a webhook from a subscription.
```

Please follow the [How to setup Notification Webhook](/docs/numbers/webhooks/orderWebhook) guide for more information.

> Otherwise, you can make <Highlight color="#00bf8c">GET</Highlight> request to [Fetch Import TN Order status API](../../../../apis/numbers/#tag/Import-Tn/operation/ReadImportTnOrder) endpoint to poll the order status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, you can make a <Highlight color="#00bf8c">GET</Highlight> request to [Fetch Import TN Order status API](../../../../apis/numbers/#tag/Import-Tn/operation/ReadImportTnOrder) endpoint to poll the order status.
```

## Upload Letter of Authorization (LOA)

For **completed** orders, Bandwidth requires a completed Subscriber "Letter of Authorization" (LOA) from the phone number user.
The LOA file is used in the case there is a dispute to ensure the phone number had permission to be enabled for hosted messaging for Bandwidth.

You are able to keep the LOA file within your own system, or upload the file to Bandwidth as part of the `importTnOrder` path.

> To upload load file, make a <Highlight color="#079CEE">POST</Highlight> request to [Import TN Order loas API](../../../../../apis/numbers/#tag/Import-Tn/operation/CreateImportTnOrderLoas) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upload load file, make a <Highlight color="#079CEE">POST</Highlight> request to [Import TN Order LOAs API](../../../../../apis/numbers/#tag/Import-Tn/operation/CreateImportTnOrderLoas) endpoint.
```

> This can be done through tools like [Postman](https://github.com/Bandwidth/postman) or in the cURL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done through tools like [Postman](https://github.com/Bandwidth/postman) or cURL.
```

:::info

> The key attribute to a successful upload is to ensure that the headers are set correctly to support the **type** of the file upload.

Reviewer: Can you elaborate on this?  Which headers are required and describe them here.  The example shows the use of them, but it would be great to describe what's needed.

:::

#### Request URL

<Highlight color="#079CEE">POST</Highlight> <code>https://dashboard.bandwidth.com/api/accounts/{accountId}/importTnOrders/{orderId}/loas</code>

<Tabs
groupId="upload_loa"
defaultValue="curl"
values={[
{ label: 'cURL', value: 'curl', }
]
}>

<TabItem value="curl">

```curl
curl -X POST 'https://dashboard.bandwidth.com/api/accounts/{accountId}/importTnOrders/{orderId}/loas'
-U '{userName}:{password}'
-H 'Content-Type: application/pdf'
-H 'Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate'
-H 'Accept: /'
-d [file-content-as-body]
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Response

```xml
<fileUploadResponse>
    <filename>63097af1-37ae-432f-8a0d-9b0e6517a35b-1429550165581.pdf</filename>
    <resultCode>0</resultCode>
    <resultMessage>LOA file uploaded successfully for order 63097af1-37ae-432f-8a0d-9b0e6517a35b</resultMessage>
</fileUploadResponse>
```

## Where to next?

> Now that you have learned how to search and order numbers, check out some of the other available actions in our guides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have learned how to host phone numbers for messaging, check out some of the other available actions in our guides:
```
